fix(kprompt): proceed on enter (#2317)
Kong/kongponents: docs/components/prompt.md

### confirmationText

> A string the user must type before the action button becomes enabled. Pressing _Enter_ after typing in the confirmation text will trigger proceed action too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A string the user must type before the action button becomes enabled. Pressing `Enter` in the confirmation text input will trigger the `proceed` action.
```
